[RHACS] Upgrade guide disk space note (#95623)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rollback-central-forced.adoc

.Prerequisites

> * **Enough disk space**: Before you can perform a rollback, you must have free disk space available on your persistent storage. {product-title} uses disk space to keep a copy of databases during the upgrade. If the disk space is not enough to store a copy and the upgrade fails, you will not be able to roll back to an earlier version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Enough disk space**: Before you can perform a rollback, you must have free disk space available on your persistent storage. {product-title} uses disk space to keep a copy of databases during the upgrade. If the disk space is not enough to store a copy and the upgrade fails, you cannot perform a roll back to an earlier version.
```

![Screenshot From 2025-07-08 12-18-00](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/960c7cfb-040a-45dc-bbc4-35245d7eb0ba)

> * **Internal database rollback (4.8 to earlier)**: If you are rolling back from {product-title-short} 4.8 to an earlier version and use the internal database (`central-db`), you must first restore the database from a PostgreSQL 13 backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Internal database rollback (4.8 or earlier)**: If you are rolling back from {product-title-short} 4.8 to an earlier version and use the internal database (`central-db`), you must first restore the database from a PostgreSQL 13 backup.
```

{product-title-short} creates this backup during the upgrade.

** To restore the database, add the `RESTORE_BACKUP=true` and `FORCE_OLD_BINARIES=true` environment variables to the `central-db` and `init-db` containers of the `central-db` component.

> ** For details on injecting environment variables, see "Injecting an environment variable into the Central deployment" in the additional resources section.

Reviewer: You can drop the "additional resources section" based on this guidance:

![Screenshot From 2025-07-08 12-32-21](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3b8db707-99bb-4bdc-8ebe-993104069ab5)

----
<1> If you use Kubernetes, enter `kubectl` instead of `oc`.
** To forcefully rollback to a specific version:

> . Edit Central's `ConfigMap`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Edit the `ConfigMap` that belongs to Central:
```

The IBM SG on possessives for inanimate objects (I guess it's not a living being!): 

![Screenshot From 2025-07-08 12-35-32](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ced13347-365d-4e3a-ac99-4d6bbafa1968)
